README.md, before:

# ESPN College Football Stats

Object-oriented PHP package for reading data from the ESPN JSON API.

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/danabrey/espn-college-football-stats.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/danabrey/espn-college-football-stats)

## Installation

Via Composer:

`composer require danabrey/espn-college-football-stats`

## Usage

Scrape a player's stats by passing their ESPN player ID (found in the URL e.g. `https://www.espn.co.uk/college-football/player/stats/_/id/4241463/jerry-jeudy`)

```$php
$stats = new DanAbrey\ESPNCollegeFootballStats\ESPNCollegeFootballStats();
$playerStats = $stats->getPlayer(4241463);
```

The return from `getPlayer()` will be a `Player` object, which includes their ID and a `seasons` property which is an array of `PlayerSeason` objects, containing the stats for the player that season.

### Team Stats

Fetching stats for teams is similar.

The return from `getTeam()` will be a `Team` object, which includes their ID and a `seasons` property which is an array of `TeamSeason` objects.

```php
$stats = new DanAbrey\ESPNCollegeFootballStats\ESPNCollegeFootballStats();
$teamStats = $stats->getTeam(333);
```

By default, it will return the last four seasons' worth of data. You can change this by passing an array of seasons to `$stats->setSeasons()`.

```php
$stats = new DanAbrey\ESPNCollegeFootballStats\ESPNCollegeFootballStats();
$stats->setTeamSeasons([2015, 2016]);
$teamStats = $stats->getTeam(333);
```

## Disclaimer

This package is intended as a proof of concept experiment, I highly advise against using the ESPN API (which isn't documented) for anything other than hobby personal use.

## Contributing/Contact

Please feel free to raise issues or open pull requests with suggestions on how to improve this project. For any informal questions, find me on Twitter at [@danabrey](https://www.twiter.com/danabrey).

## License

[![License](http://img.shields.io/:license-mit-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](http://badges.mit-license.org)

- **[MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php)**
- Copyright 2019 © Dan Abrey

Commit message:

Use property types, remove support for PHP <7.4, bump version to 2.0

README.md, after:

# ESPN College Football Stats

Object-oriented PHP package for reading data from the ESPN JSON API.

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/danabrey/espn-college-football-stats.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/danabrey/espn-college-football-stats)

## Installation

Via Composer:

`composer require danabrey/espn-college-football-stats`

**Note**: v2.0 removes support for PHP versions below 7.4. If using PHP 7.0-7.3, use the latest version of v1.0 of this package.

## Usage

Scrape a player's stats by passing their ESPN player ID (found in the URL e.g. `https://www.espn.co.uk/college-football/player/stats/_/id/4241463/jerry-jeudy`)

```$php
$stats = new DanAbrey\ESPNCollegeFootballStats\ESPNCollegeFootballStats();
$playerStats = $stats->getPlayer(4241463);
```

The return from `getPlayer()` will be a `Player` object, which includes their ID and a `seasons` property which is an array of `PlayerSeason` objects, containing the stats for the player that season.

### Team Stats

Fetching stats for teams is similar.

The return from `getTeam()` will be a `Team` object, which includes their ID and a `seasons` property which is an array of `TeamSeason` objects.

```php
$stats = new DanAbrey\ESPNCollegeFootballStats\ESPNCollegeFootballStats();
$teamStats = $stats->getTeam(333);
```

By default, it will return the last four seasons' worth of data. You can change this by passing an array of seasons to `$stats->setSeasons()`.

```php
$stats = new DanAbrey\ESPNCollegeFootballStats\ESPNCollegeFootballStats();
$stats->setTeamSeasons([2015, 2016]);
$teamStats = $stats->getTeam(333);
```

## Disclaimer

This package is intended as a proof of concept experiment, I highly advise against using the ESPN API (which isn't documented) for anything other than hobby personal use.

## Contributing/Contact

Please feel free to raise issues or open pull requests with suggestions on how to improve this project. For any informal questions, find me on Twitter at [@danabrey](https://www.twiter.com/danabrey).

## License

[![License](http://img.shields.io/:license-mit-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](http://badges.mit-license.org)

- **[MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php)**
- Copyright 2019 © Dan Abrey
